head over to fifth corns online com for
fast and reliable ultimate team coins
alright guys and welcome back to another
one of my 95 rated personalized Joey
Barton squad builders and then this is
actually my second one the first one
will be in the link sorry the first one
will be in the description down below so
if you want to go check that out please
do and then yeah this one actually do
prefer to the first one that I created
and it is a bit different it's a bit
more of a hybrid in four teams and it
mainly free teams but it's got Diego
Alvarez in goal so I may as well start
off there of course do I was and go
there 82 rated go okay but possibly the
most underrated cocky but on the game to
start in the 90s as you can see diving
is 91 and reflexes 90s nuts absolutely
crazy then at left-back we have got
Fabio Coentrao and he linked pretty well
within Pepe because they are both
Portuguese and both played for Real
Madrid as you can see Pepe has got 74
piece so that's a lot of pace for a
centre-back on this game then going on
to the second centre-back we have done
tape for him Bayern Munich and he's only
got 68-page buddy's got 82 defendants
who he really is a tank at the back and
he of course links strongly with Phillip
blonde here was a quite over a to play
in my opinion but it's that's our very
consistent I just can see quite a lot of
a Tuesday and of course both of these
players Pepe and don t both linked with
Diego Alvers then in the central
defensive midfield role we have both
shall v martinez and javi arms up both
them spanish and both play in different
leagues and won them in the League of
BBVA give one in the Bundesliga but
unfortunately both these players are
very slow in the game as you can see 58
and 59 peace but nevertheless they are
amazing at defending guys can see 81
defending and 83 defending with Shelby
Alonso having 88 passing so it's
possibly the best passing on the game
well one of them definitely and then
going into the attacking players these
are all marseille players I just
consider it Valbuena 84 face 81 pattern
and 83 driven and then he is very
underrated on the game just because he
isn't over
god I think if he was a rare card he'd
be used much more on the game then it's
sent forward we have got informed gin
yuck and unfortunately this guy is
pretty slow but at the center forward
roll he has got 80 shooting so quite a
lot of his shots do go in and those he's
got 70 AD and so he is also a threat
from set-pieces then of course we have
got the main man at the right attacking
midfield role Joey Barton 15 million
coins the most expensive player on fifa
13 and just like i've said in all my
other videos this guy is an absolute
beast some absolutely ridiculous stat
ninety to ninety seven percent ninety
four triplet 192 defending as well as
eighty-seven percent and eighty-eight
edun so eighty-seven percent is actually
his lowest at then finally going up top
we have got Remy everyone knows this guy
here's an absolute beast on the game 92
pace and eighty-four heading which is
just ridiculous and also 76 u-turn but I
do think it shootin is a lot better than
that on the game and unfortunately he is
not MRSA anymore so I've kind of cheated
a bit you suppose they're playing him up
top but nevertheless you've gotta have
Remy and your team when you're playing
with Marseille plays just because he
really is not good venom a guys this is
actually the end of the episode now and
what I'm gonna do is show you quite a
few clips that I've got with this team
the majority of them will be with Joey
born but I will also show some other
clips with other players in this squad
maybe I've enjoyed this video guys
please do give it a thumbs up and hit
the subscribe button if you haven't done
already sometimes call him our doctor on
the touch finding has to report on these
injuries it's jeff shreve Jeff it was a
nasty roll
so well they can go
no panic realize it got the opportunity
and took it full advantage grateful team
isn't it when you can have somebody
hanging up the other end buried alive
and this time back in for well yeah I
think he'll be hoping that that is a
single of better things to come because
previous shorts on here right goal here
and it puts them into the lead well
they're taking advantage here with a
great goal we don't always see the
advantage come good but they've made use
of it here of like
given
right to school
he wants to take the penalties and he
can see why he's got a very good record
he's just extended that here both
people's do so much homework on where
wire hooks the ball but he could do
nothing about that
gone sir this could be a challenge
go on the level
outside the goalkeepers redress that is
a good goal with a low shot you have to
hand it to it what a lot